Gunship! Readme document.


Minimum Specification:

Operating System: Windows 95/98
DirectX 7.0 (included on CD)
Processor: 266MHz Pentium® or 100% compatible
Memory: 32 Mb RAM
Video: 2Mb DirectX-compatible video card
Audio: DirectX-compatible sound card
CD-ROM Drive; Quad Speed
Hard Disk Space: 150Mb (min install)


Recommended Specifications:

Operating System: Windows 95/98
DirectX 7.0 (included on CD)
Processor: 300MHz Pentium® or 100% compatible
Memory: 64 Mb RAM
Video: High color graphics
Direct 3D graphics accelerator
Audio: DirectX-compatible sound card
CD-ROM Drive; Quad Speed
Hard Disk Space: 150Mb (min install)
Joy Stick

· To run Gunship! there must be a Direct X compatible sound card installed
on your machine.


SINGLE BATTLE SCREEN

·    Loading missions

If a mission is selected in the single mission list and you enter the
battle builder, the selected mission will be loaded into the battle
builder. If you press build you will build another mission of the same name
(if you didn't change the name) which will then appear in the list.

·  Delete Button

Deletes the currently selected mission from the game.


BATTLE BUILDER

Overall notes: A battle must contain at least one flyable helicopter
platoon.
Page 15 of the manual states that ground vehicles have multiple waypoint
types. This is false; ground vehicles have only one type of waypoint.


SETTINGS SCREEN

· Clear button

This button will completely clear the current mission (units, objectives,
waypoints, and map location).

·Objectives Section

A clear button has been added to this screen as well.

A 'Casualties objective' has been added. This is the minimum amount of
enemy forces that must be eliminated and the maximum amount of friendly
forces that can become casualties.


BATTLE SETTINGS

Re-spawn

The Re-spawn option has been added to this menu. This will allow a player
in the game to start with a new helicopter by pressing Shift+R.


GAME SETTINGS

· Texture Detail
This controls the appearance of the textures on three-dimensional objects.
The setting cycles between low, medium and high.  Using lower settings can
result in the game running faster, though it may also reduce the graphic
quality somewhat.


· 3d Object Detail
This controls the level of detail for the three-dimensional objects
displayed.  The setting cycles between Software (lowest), Low, Medium and
High. Using lower settings can result in the game running faster, though it
may also reduce the graphic quality somewhat.

· Windowed Mode
This button does not have a label change when accessed, but will highlight
when Windowed mode is enabled.


IN GAME COMMANDS

· To exit a game is no longer Shift Q; it is now the ESC button.


· Re-spawn

The Re-spawn option has been added to this menu. This will allow a player
in the game to start with a new helicopter by pressing Shift+R.

· The manual states that the AI gunner will engage enemy targets, while the
user is piloting the helicopter. This has been changed, the gunner will now
only lock on the enemy targets, this way the player's ammunition will not
be exhausted when playing with normal ammo.

· Game-Play Issues
In the event of any game crash, please backup the gunship.ini and campaign.dat 
files and delete them from the c:\program files\Microprose\Gunship!\Data directory.

INTERNET GAMING ZONE

· Before you are able to play Gunship! on the Internet Gaming Zone you must
run the game at least once in single player to initialize the game before
playing.

CUSTOMER SERVICES

UK only:
If you have problems and require assistance you can contact our Customer
Services on:

Phone:		+44 (0) 1454 893900 (Hours of operation: 0900-1730 GMT/BST,
Monday to Friday)
Fax:		+44 (0) 1454 894296
Email:		support@hiuk.com [or] epsupport@hiuk.com
Address:	Hasbro Interactive (Europe) Customer Services
		The Ridge, Chipping Sodbury, South Gloucestershire, BS37
		6BN, England, UK

Australia only:
If you have problems and require assistance you can contact the Hasbro
Interactive Customer Services Hotline on:

Phone:	1902 262 667*
Email:	support@hiuk.com [or] epsupport@hiuk.com

*Calls are charged at $1.50 per minute. A higher rate applies to mobile and
public phones.

If you decide to telephone our Customer Services, please try to be sitting
in front of your computer and have a pen and paper at the ready. Before
contacting us, please try to have the following information ready so that
we may help you more efficiently:

* The name of the product.
* The make and model of your computer.
* The processor and its speed.
* Any peripherals attached to the computer.
* The graphics cards driver date and version.
* The sound card, driver date and version.
* The version of Windows or Mac OS you are using.
* Total memory installed.
* The exact error message (if any).
* For Windows users, the version of DirectX installed.
* The type of CD-ROM drive.
* For Windows users, the total system resources free before running the
program.
* The name of any programs running in the background.

If you decide to email our Customer Services, to ensure a prompt reply
please summarise your issues as concisely as you can, giving details, as
above, of the product, the problem or error and any circumstances that you
feel relevant and your particular computer system.

WEB SITE

At MicroProse, it is a priority to ensure that you have everything you need
to get the best out of your product. In fact, our web sites are designed to
enhance your playing or learning experience and not just be there to help
if you have a problem. Therefore, MicroProse has a full and exciting web
site dedicated to ensuring you can see the latest information, obtain
technical support, download the latest upgrade, read the latest hints and
tips and a great deal more. You can reach the site at:

http://www.gunship.com

For more information on forthcoming and existing products from MicroProse,
please visit our main site at:

http://www.microprose/.com


NOTICE/WARRANTY

1. Licence
The software and all images, photography, animations, video, audio, music
and text contained on the enclosed CD-ROM and this manual, (together, 'the
Product') are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights
which are owned by or licensed to Hasbro Interactive Limited of 2 Roundwood
Avenue, Stockley Park, Uxbridge, UB11 1AZ, UK ('Hasbro').

Hasbro grants to you as the original purchaser of this Product a non-
transferable right to use the Product for your own personal and private use
and not in connection with any business activity. Unless otherwise
permitted by law, no part of this Product may be copied, reproduced,
translated, modified, decompiled or reduced into any electronic or other
form without the prior written consent of Hasbro. You may not rent or
lease, or sell or transfer copies of the Product or any part of it.

2. Warranty
Hasbro warrants to you only that for a period of ninety days from purchase
the Product will perform substantially in accordance with the
specifications set out in this manual and that the original CD-ROM disk
itself will be free from defects in materials and workmanship.

During this period the Product, if defective, will be replaced free of
charge if returned to Hasbro at Caswell Way, Newport, Gwent, NP9 0YH,
together with a dated proof of purchase, a brief description of the defect
and the address to which it is to be returned. Any replacement will be
warranted for a further 90 day period. This warranty does not affect your
statutory rights in any way.

This warranty does not apply to defects caused by misuse, neglect,
incorrect installation, damage, alteration, repair or excessive wear.

3. Liability
Except as stated at 2 above, all conditions, warranties, terms,
representations and undertakings express or implied, statutory or
otherwise, in respect of the Product are expressly excluded.

Hasbro's liability to you shall under no circumstances exceed the original
retail price of the Product and Hasbro does not accept liability for any
indirect or consequential damage or loss (even if it is aware that the
possibility of such damage or loss) including lost profits or revenues, or
for any damages, costs or loss incurred as a result of loss of time or data
or from any other cause.

Nothing set out above shall limit or exclude the Hasbro's liability to you
for death or personal injury resulting from its own negligence or any other
liability not capable of exclusion or limitation by law.
If you do not agree to be bound by these terms, you should immediately
return the Product to Hasbro at Caswell Way, Newport, Gwent, NP9 OYH, UK,
together with a dated proof of purchase, for a full refund.


© 1999 Hasbro Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Published in the United Kingdom by Hasbro Interactive Ltd., Caswell Way,
Newport, Gwent, NP9 0YH.

Uses 3D ENCICLOPEDIA by DE ESPONA Infográfica(TM) Uses Miles Sound System.
Copyright © 1991-2000 by RAD Game Tools, Inc. Uses Bink Video, Copyright ©
1997-2000 by RAD Game Tools, Inc.



